I had no interest in seeing F1 but was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked it. Pretty solid movie.
People we need to have a serious conversation about this, F1 is the best racing movie of all time, there was just so much action, story was peak, music was fire, actors were acting amazingly, I could see that movie over and over again and would not be mad, the experience of the movie was so fire, argue if you want but that’s just my opinion
It's sort of fun,Brad pitt is his usual charismatic self, Damon iris is solid in support, kerry condon is always great and a very underated actress, but to.be honest if you are a fan of actual formula one the story is beyond ridiculous, not one part of it makes any sense, its all style and not much substance, the dialogue is very cheesy, nothing is in anyway surprising as a blind man could see what was going to happen All in all its a well shot film, the racing sequences are great, but again if you've ever watched actual formula 1, they are beyond ridiculous, the real team heads that are used for cameos are especially poor, its mildly entertaining but ultimately pretty forgettable.
Just got out of the theater. It was a full theater so I got my tickets weeks in advance. I've never watched anything F1 related in my life. I give it a 7.5/10. The IMAX scenes were fantastic. No shortage of those. The story was a classic underdog story. Still pretty good in my opinion. There was some pretty good comedy mixed in. The amount of advertising from companies was INSANE. There really was a lot.
As a longtime F1 fan, F1: The Movie completely blew me away. From the very first scene, you can tell this was made to be watched in a theater - it's loud, fast, emotional, and immersive in all the right ways.
It makes F1 look like an absolute joke, like just anyone can drive these cars. This supposedly 60 y/o guy can still beat these young athletes who have trained their whole lives for this sport. It just deminishes their accomplishments and hard work.
Okay let's start by saying I am not a fan of Formula 1. So I don't know anything about the rules etc. Yes there might be a lot rule-breqking in this movie but it is after all just that...a movie. It's purely for entertainment and not for realism. And boy is it entertaining. It's wonderful to see Brad Pitt back in the charismatic laid-back character role that he was born to play. The story is simple (class underdog story) but it js incredibly thrilling and fun.
The way the movie was shot is magnificent. Brad Pitt is magnificent too. The problem is racing. The whole movie is like superb until they start racing. The endurance race at the beginning, the way Sonny is convinced to join to the APX team, the first test and the rivalry between the two drivers are all very well made. Unfortunately when they actively start to race the movie falls apart. Sonny constantly makes moves that you couldn't have ever seen ever from any driver before. Not to mention the car upgrades. One single update makes the worst car on the grid capable of winning. TBH if you follow F1 you simply can't enjoy this dumb portrayal of the sport. Once again Pitt still rocks 🔥
I absolutely loved this so glad I got to see an early screening with a packed audience only annoying thing was thing was the guy to the left me was a little distracting bro went through a slushy and a large water; I guess a fast paced movie makes someone thirsty. The film is phenomenal though I'm shocked of the haters already there's soul involved.
The cinematographers should have received 30 million in salary for their incredible work. Unfortunately, the storyline is older than a Model T, but nothing classic about it. Pitt does a nice job playing his role, but the script is so mundane all I can say is he did a nice job with what he had to work with. Same for Javiar. Everyone else is forgetable. Pitt must be a screwd businessman to have scored 30 million to make this movie. Fun to watch, but lots of dead spots inbetween race scenes. If you like Formula 1 racing, see it. If you don't, nothing here to see. After you've seen this, you will leave the theatre thinking "I think I've seen this before". That's because you have, many many times.
As an F1 fan, I watched this movie when it first came out and I had no expectation whatsoever. When the movie finished, I had one thing in my mind. The movie doesn't make any sense. This movie feels like a 13-year-old boy imagination when he was bored in class. F1 is a sport and it has tons of rules in it. But this movie bend every single rules and regulations in the sport. It was very hard to watch. It was as if FIA (a motorsport association) doesn't exist anymore! The funny thing is the FIA do exist in this movie and they're so dumb that makes me wonder, who writes this movie? Don't they have consultants or experts during the development? They do. They have an F1 driver as one of the producers of this movie. A driver! Yet, the writing still turns out to be a mess! At one point, even someone that don't watch F1 is going to think, how do they allow this in a sport? In terms of writing, this movie is disappointing. This movie is not a great representation of the sport.
It's the kind of movie where when you're in the cinema has you on the edge on your seat and so hyped, but the moment you step out, you stop and think to yourself, what the hell was that? Because this is the exact thing that happened to me. I was actually so hyped during the movie and when I stepped out, I started thinking about the plot, the crazy, and stupid things that the main character does. My mood suddenly when sour, because there is no way that the things that they had just done was allowed in the sport. It's a shame that they got these great production work to a letdown.
Just the way it was with "Top Gunn : Maverick", Joseph Kosinski has once again delivered something that pulls you back to cinemas. This is what I call an experience. This movie is what movies are all about. They made promises with this, and fulfilled every single one of them. It's got that story, young guy taught by the veteran, but everything is done so spectacularly well that, when you leave the theatre, you really feel like jumping into a Formula 1 car yourself. Brad Pitt, it had to be you, I'm convinced that this guy just doesn't do bad movies. In the movie, it feels like it's Brad just being Brad. And it's amazing. I'd pay to watch this again and again.
What an awful film that I actually was looking forward to.
F1 has you on the edge of your seat 100% of the running time, which is long, but nobody cares. Live action incredibly filmed, great story, Def not cookie- cutter. Plus, I loved the program music. This is a go- see film!
Obviously being a movie, it streamlines heaps of F1, but uses enough reality to feel convincing. The movie is done with sincerity and care, with lots of American and Hollywood glamour on top of it.
If looking at the movie from different angle and with expectations of drama it starts to be more sinister product piece, with lack of opinion and attack on tje subject matter. The movie isn't marketed or intended to be serious drama so even if I would have liked more serious F1 movie, I don't want to review it for being something it never advertised to be.
If you're a hardcore F1 fan, the movie might feel a bit underwhelming. But if you're someone with a casual interest in cars and racing, you'll probably enjoy it. And if you know nothing about the sport at all, you're in for the best experience with stunning cinematography, a twist-filled story, and one of the best soundtracks produced for a film. The movie delivers some solid twists, with Brad Pitt stepping into the role of a leader and father figure for a struggling team. Watching it in IMAX is easily the best way to experience it's visually stunning and fully immersive. On the entertainment scale, it scores top marks. The characters are well-balanced, from seasoned veterans with firm convictions to hungry rookies fueled by adrenaline and eager to prove themselves. Their motives differ, but all are compelling in their own right.
First off, amazing cinematography, color grading, and infrastructure. Joe Kosinski really knows how to shoot action. You can tell they spent a lot of money on this movie. Some good humor here and there, too.
How can it be either "OMG, the best!!" Or "it was the worst thing ever?!" Being this radica in opinions is having a profound effect in the way we analyse art, in this case, movies. This movie is not the best movie about F1. It's not the best movie about cars. It's a movie that lacks depth, character fibre, plot and, overall, newness. We don't expect to be irreverent but it's very mundane. It won't be remembered. It doesn't give you the passion for F1. You won't see this movie more than once. If it came out in 1987 it would have been great but we're in a whole other level. Let's move on and like educate ourselves to appreciate something better. Taste can be learned.
I usually enjoy Brad Pitt movies but he was definitely flat in this one and didn't bring much to his character. The whole story was very lazy and nowhere close to racing movies such as Rush and Ford vs Ferrari. It had the bones to be good but everything was flat with silly storylines like Sonny basically driving illegally and the thin story of combat can beat speed on the race track, not going to happen but it helped the storyline so let's just bend reality and let Pitt smirk his way to a win. Too bad but it has decent moments, just not enough!
There weren't any elements that were super original, but it was shot well. And feeling like I was in the driver's seat for much of the races helped keep me engaged. There weren't alot of explosions and all that nonsense, so showing the film from that point of view helped keep things interesting. Otherwise, you're just watching cars drive around a track.
Long movie, but it doesn't drag for a second. It's surprisingly gripping - keeps the tension up the whole time, and still manages to mix in a good amount of humor.
Despite high expectations, F1 ultimately falls flat. The film is overly long and weighed down by a surprisingly dull storyline that never quite finds its rhythm. While Brad Pitt brings his usual charisma to the screen, even his presence isn't enough to inject energy into a script that feels more like an extended technical briefing than a gripping sports drama.
"F1" is a sports drama film co-written and directed by Joseph Kosinski ("Tron: Legacy", "Oblivion", "Only The Brave", "Top Gun: Maverick"). Starring Brad Pitt, Damson Idris, Javier Bardem, and Kerry Condon, it finds clever ways to combine genuine human drama with that of exciting scenes of car racing in a film that should satisfy connoisseurs of both.
For the bulk of the film, we get to see how Sonny interacts with Noah, whose perspective on the world of F1 racing is far different from how things once were back in the 1990s. Being from a younger age group, Noah feels a smug sense of superiority over Sonny's older coaching methods, frequently dismissing his mentor for being "outdated" and derogatorily referring to him as a "grandpa". In spite of this blatant disrespect, Sonny chooses to keep a relatively cool head, reminding Noah that he could learn a thing or two from this apparently obsolete advice and apply it to the racing tracks in order to become a better competitor. What could have been viewed as a typical old versus young plot device is instead used quite nicely here to demonstrate how each generation can learn from the other, often when they least expect it. As a result, Sonny and Noah's rivalry becomes a rather interesting and informative learning experience for both these characters and the audience watching them.
Had great hopes for this. As a person who doesn't follow or watch the f1, the camera work didn't do it for me. If I was a fan, surely my reaction would have been different. Not that it wasn't good, it was pretty great, but not enough to ignore the other aspects. The most disappointing aspect of the movie was the story. It was incredibly predictable and had no substance. The chemistry between Brad Pitt and Kerry Condon's characters felt pretty rushed. They got chummy really quickly considering Sonny Hayes is supposed to be a womaniser. This movie is leagues beneath Ford v Ferrari. That's a benchmark for me.
Frankly, I can't believe this film was co-produced by Lewis Hamilton, one of the most decorated Formula One drivers.
I really loved this movie I don't really enjoy watching the sport of formula one but my dad is a huge fan this movie really shows what happens behind just the racing I believe Brad Pitt was a very good choice as the main actor and I really enjoyed Damson Idris acting he brought a certain spark to the movie he was very good at showing his emotions in the movie I really liked how they added real Formula one drivers that added an extra spark to the movie overall I really enjoyed the movie once again I only see little bits of real formula one races but I loved this if you are wondering wether or not you should see this I definitely recommend it it won't disappoint.
This movie reminded of of three other movies. Sly Stallone's 2001 Driven (A former racing driver is pulled out of retirement by his old partner, to mentor and team up with his new rookie driver), Kevin Costner's Draft Day (such an underrated movie) giving us an in-depth, behind the scenes look at the teams, behind the big names and it has a real Top Gun: Maverick feel!!
Of the cast, Brad Pitt is Brad Pitt, he is a movie star and he brings that movie star quality. Javier Bardem is great. I loved him in the role, you really wanted it to work. Damson Idris could be a real rising star. I was impressed with his performance. He was arrogant and cocky, but also vulnerable and insecure enough, for you to root for him. Of the female cast, Kerry Condon is solid, too!! As is Callie Cooke (I was rooting for her) and Sarah Niles (Ted Lasso) in a smaller role really stands out.
Of the cast, Brad Pitt is Brad Pitt, he is a movie star and he brings that movie star quality. Javier Bardem is great. I loved him in the role, you really wanted it to work. Damson Idris could be a real rising star. I was impressed with his performance. He was arrogant and cocky, but also vulnerable and insecure enough, for you to root for him. Of the female cast, Kerry Condon is solid, too!! As is Callie Cooke (I was rooting for her) and Sarah Niles (Ted Lasso) in a smaller role really stands out.
Now, if we talk about the F1 movie - I want to clearly say this: as a cinephile, what we truly seek is outstanding cinematography and visuals. Even if you don't know much about Formula racing, once you watch this film, you'll feel like you're part of that world. Whether it's the emotional breakdowns or the driving experience - it captures how, even when everything falls apart in life, we can still chase our dreams again.
Now, if we talk about the F1 movie - I want to clearly say this: as a cinephile, what we truly seek is outstanding cinematography and visuals. Even if you don't know much about Formula racing, once you watch this film, you'll feel like you're part of that world. Whether it's the emotional breakdowns or the driving experience - it captures how, even when everything falls apart in life, we can still chase our dreams again.
I just watched F1, and let me tell you - it's not just a movie, it's a high-octane, emotional, and cinematic experience that hits hard and stays with you long after the credits roll. This is the kind of film that reminds you why we go to the theatre. If you're even remotely into Formula 1, or even if you're not, this movie will pull you in with the roar of the engines and the depth of its storytelling.
Lovely experience of sound from the f1 cars in IMAX but apart from that it's just dull.
Lovely experience of sound from the f1 cars in IMAX but apart from that it's just dull.
After Rush and Ford v Ferrari, F1 has become one of my favorite racing films. It's simple, sharp, and full of energy. Brad Pitt drops his another banger in recent years.
The start of the movie was absolutely awesome! It pulls you in right from the beginning and has this incredible energy that makes you want to keep watching. The racing scenes are packed with excitement, and Brad Pitt delivers a fantastic performance that's both entertaining and relatable. He brings this cool charm to his character, and there are some genuinely funny moments that keep things light-hearted.
It has been a long time since I saw a movie in the cinema that captivated me for the entire movie and I couldn't take my eyes off the screen because of the wonderful performance by actor Brad Pitt. I stand in respect for this great actor. The story is also wonderful, as if you are in the Formula One, and the directing was wonderful, and the young actors were all wonderful, but Brad Pitt was beyond expectations in this movie. He is more than wonderful, an actor I respect and love, and I hope his wonderful performance continues. The actress was also wonderful, the atmosphere was beautiful, and the end of the movie was exciting and thrilling, to entertain you and make you feel ecstatic.
It has been a long time since I saw a movie in the cinema that captivated me for the entire movie and I couldn't take my eyes off the screen because of the wonderful performance by actor Brad Pitt. I stand in respect for this great actor. The story is also wonderful, as if you are in the Formula One, and the directing was wonderful, and the young actors were all wonderful, but Brad Pitt was beyond expectations in this movie. He is more than wonderful, an actor I respect and love, and I hope his wonderful performance continues. The actress was also wonderful, the atmosphere was beautiful, and the end of the movie was exciting and thrilling, to entertain you and make you feel ecstatic.
It was shot and edited well. Acting and direction was good. Too much cheese for me. Script was boring and predictable, but they managed to get everything out of it. Almost every scene or even frame had some product placement or advertising.
An old-timer with something to prove, a young upstart with talent but without experience, a sprinkling of love interest. All of them fighting a seemingly losing battle. You already know how the story will end, don't you? Yes, you're right! The racing sequences are well shot, but everything else is awful. Pitt plays the same shallow one-dimensional character he has played with success in many other films. Some real drivers and team principals probably had fun shooting their cameo appearances. They had more fun than I did. This is a really bad film. I'm not sure who it would appeal to. If you like everything that Brad Pitt does, and you have no idea what F1 is, you might find this disjointed mess entertaining.
Tha way they show F1 racing in this much details. I've never seen this before.
As an avid formula 1 fan I was excited to see this movie. That was, until I read a review in my local newspaper titled "Vroom Vroom Yawn". It detailed that the only thing saving this "extremely dull film" was Brad Pitt's stardom. After seeing this movie, I don't know what this critic was on but they were incredibly wrong. As a fan, of course there were some inconsistencies and inaccuracies but other than that, this film was constantly entertaining and fun to watch. I went with my friends and we were clutching each other's hands the entire time. The comedy in this movie was witty and the driver and other F1 community member cameos were great. All and all, local newspaper critic was wrong, movie was great.
This movie is amazing.
F1 delivers exactly what you'd expect when it comes to high-octane, adrenaline-fueled racing scenes. They're filmed and edited with the kind of precision and flair you'd associate with Top Gun director Joseph Kosinski.
F1: The Movie (2025) is the newest movie from Director Joseph Kosinski and writer Ehren Kruger, the team behind Top Gun: Maverick (2022). This is a movie that I got excited for when I heard about it and saw pieces of the trailer. Just got done watching the movie and it was just as awesome as I thought it would be.
Overall, F1: The Movie (2025) is everything I want from this movie as it delivered on every level and more. This is the type of movie that we should be getting more of instead of the studio-made movies with no soul to them. This is going to be many people's pick for their favorite movie of summer 2025 and I couldn't be any happier with that.
The opening scene had me thinking, "strap in and let's go for a ride". About a third of the way in I was thinking it's a little clichéd, then they threw more and more clichés in and I started laughing at the preposterous of each scene. The dialogue between the main characters (mother included) must have been written by a twelve year old boy, waiting in a car for his Mom to finish her shopping so she could then take him home. I like Brad Pitt, his movie's are usually top notch. But this joke (sound effects) apart was bad. I had to watch it through but the last twenty minutes I thought I was watching an Abu Dhabi tourist commercial with clichés thrown in. Then towards the end a Etihad airplane with accompanying jets took centre stage. That was too much for me. Others may think it was good, sorry not for me. As for holidays I am sticking with Cornwall, no matter how big the Abu Dhabi fireworks display was.
