I am surprised to say I found superman to be charming (but not without blockbuster faults). I also cried in the final scene where he was watching videos of his parents. Someone else on another subreddit put it nicely: they said they preferred this film over the last film because the last film emphasised superman’s goodness and grace as being attributable to his race, strength, and biological parents whereas this film emphasises his upbringing and unassuming parents who loved him and instilled him with admirable qualities.
I’m happy there are some good summer blockbusters. Happy for theaters. I’m not a superhero movie fan but I enjoyed Superman
This is a wholesome and vibrant version of Superman. I enjoyed the message of the story and the characters involved were fun. A Superman movie I did not get bored of. This was a great story for setting up a new world of DC superheroes and I look forward to seeing more of this type of DC movie in the future. The humor was not forced and the emotions felt real. Nice work James Gunn.
I watched Superman 2025. This movie has a perfect mix of action, comedy, and PUNK ROCK. I loved this movie very much, especially its visuals when action is happening. Key Features: This is the first movie of DCU (which is created under James Gunn). Because of this, the movie explains and establishes this universe properly right from the start. --- Conclusion: Enjoy this movie as much as you can for its real fun. At all movie introduced many many characters to follow in DCU. Helpful • 3 1
What a mess..giving it a 6 because it had its moments. Could have been something brilliant but would say it's more like a missed opportunity... The antagonist has no purpose literally apart from Hating superman..may be james gunn didn't understand it aint the 70s anymore..may be they learn from their mistakes and it replace green lantern with some one more younger..
This is just horrible. I do like that they tried to bring in more DC characters - but that might be it. David Corenswet is better than I thought he would be fitted for the role, but the script is horrible. I'm fine for bringing in some corny stuff every now and then, but this is ridiculous. The dog might be the worst part of the entire story. Nicholas Hoult is it good Lex Luthor. I know this is all chopped up, but I just can't get over everything they try to do with this movie that is just so horrible. I had the hardest time getting through this movie and I'm hating what's been done with this franchise now.
Decided to watch the movie with high hopes. Used to be a very avid marvel fan but after their downhill spiral figured I'd try DC. Take anything people said politically out of the question, even after watching what I did I see nothing that could make me think it means one way or the other. That's the only good thing I have to say. I literally watched 30 minutes of this movie and was so over how bad, correction, god awful it was I turned it off and made this account to do my first ever movie review. From the bad cgi to the horrible writing this was one of the worst things I have ever watched.
A nod to the original Superman from opening credits on - thing movie brings Superman back to what he was always meant to be. I get it, life is rough right now... but we don't need 'edgy' in everything. It's a lazy way to get a crowd... and that's the crowd they got - ravenous. People who will stamp their feet when anyone says otherwise. I felt good after watching this movie! Was it goofy, yeah... but not as much as the reviews made it seem. The acting, story, action, all flowed well... and Lex Luther was far better than I expected. All actors were in my opinion (since I had a very low bar), but Hoult nailed it. A great watch - I'm quite glad Gunn has taken the reigns at DC.. can't wait to see what he does with it!
Before watching this on Max, I saw non-spoiler videos to see what I was getting into. And man, I feel CHANGED after watching this. For me, this is my 3rd favorite movie of 2025, topped by 2nd Thunderbolts* and 1st Fantastic Four (Hate me all you want). Can't wait for Supergirl in 2026 and Man of Tomorrow in 2027!!!
It may not be the same as the previous version, but it's still watchable, fun, entertaining, funny, and touching at times. I'd give it a medium to high rating, but I like some things in the old version better, like flying or action. I like the old feeling better, it's more satisfying to watch, the rushing to fly or floating in the air, the fighting is done well enough.
This film is the best! I was moved by his conversation with his Pa; I LOVED that he even saved a squirrel. The storyline, the characters, the cinematography and special effects were incredibly good.
There's a lot to like about the new Superman. The cast is solid, the visuals are sharp, and it captures the hopeful tone the character deserves. But somewhere along the way, it loses its edge. The story feels painfully by the book, as if assembled straight from the "Superhero Movie Formula 101" manual.
I think it's almost a 7, but I'm knocking off a little for true Superman Superfans. Solid cast. Superman himself I actually thought was pretty good, the actor did a nice job, though he is no Christopher Reeve or Henry Cavill. I thought Nathan Fillion should have had more to do. Kinda wasted opportunities with him. Overall it's a good popcorn movie, very light and simple, doesn't take Superman seriously as the hardcore fans would no doubt want. It doesn't really leave a lasting impression like many other Supe movies do. But it was fun.
Hard to describe how bad it was. Bad story line, bad writing, bad acting, just a disaster. I can't imagine what they were thinking when they agreed to produce this. I've watched every Superman movie this doesn't come close to even the next worst. $5.99 rental, shot I could had a Starbucks. Save your time and money!
Why are we regressing with the standard for this film. We arrived at a point where Superman was almost the perfect representation of the comics with Cavill and then ...... back to the bumbling, annoying character, who isn't indestructible and has an annoying dog!!! Still havent fully understood the point of this film. Its a constant repetition of all the information that we already have from past Superman films mixed together with useless conversations and "bad guys" to test the limits of the Metahuman. My only way to describe the acting and storyline is Superman meets Brendan Frasers George of the Jungle.
I disliked everything about this long boring annoying movie and I wanted to like it. So disappointed! The actors didn't seem right for the roles and they were excellent actors (in other films). The story was too long and uninteresting as well as predictable. Why can't we get a decent superhero movie anymore?
I can't even explain how good this movie is. I watched it with my sister today (i know I'm late to it) and it was amazing. The shots were amazing, the cgi was amazing, the characters were amazing and the storyline was amazing. People complain about there being no character build up or whatever it's called but come on, it's Superman! Awesome movie.
It's okay. Yeah, it's the best Superman movie since Superman II, but considering the paltry competition, that's not really that big of an achievement. The pacing's off, the visuals and effectx look pretty flat at times, and the overall story line is serviceable at best - but it's got heart, humour, and even some guts.
I liked it. When I started watching the movie, I had completely forgotten it was directed by James Gunn, but as the story unfolded, his style became unmistakable. It's refreshing to see DC characters, usually so grim and serious, not take themselves too seriously for once. That signature James Gunn touch adds a sense of fun and irreverence that feels like a breath of fresh air.
James Gunn's Superman (2025) launches the new DC Universe with a colorful, ensemble-driven approach that sets it apart from the darker tones of previous iterations. This isn't the brooding, tortured Superman of past decades-it's a more hopeful, humorous, and cosmic reimagining that clearly carries traces of Gunn's Guardians of the Galaxy style.
It's not a terrible movie, it just doesn't feel like Superman. Every other feature iteration has managed to capture some special essence, and the actor has brought a great presence to the role. This movie just feels like another James Gunn film, with a version of the character that has very few likable qualities. I could see the angle they were going for with the dialogue, but Cornswet does not manage to deliver his frustration with depth and just comes off as a petulant child. He also lacks timing and sincerity in his light hearted moments, and it feels very acted. With a better actor, maybe it would make up for the disappointing tone, but together, I just didn't feel like I watched a Superman movie.
I was expecting too much from Gunn I suppose. The story jumping around was a bit forced, and the action was not the expectation of Superman. The movie isn't horrible, and if you take scenes by the scene only it isn't too bad. Combining them makes it feel disjointed. Mr Terrific had some great parts.
As someone who doesn't have much prior experience with DC movies, this movie has compelled me to get into the DC-verse. I absolutely loved the tone of the film -- it's positive and upbeat feeling alongside it's serious political themes and messaging really appealed to me. I like the idea of a humble Superhero who can get hurt, but what makes them super is that they get back up and they never give in. However, I understand that I am a new fan, and so it makes sense that I have no complaints in any potential differences between this portrayal of Superman when compared to other portrayals of him. But I have also noticed that many people were relieved by this Superman and his cheerful, sweet, nature. So I'd like to look at this in the only way I, a new fan, can -- separating it from other Superman films. In that light, the hope and joy this movie gives me cannot be tainted by things like pacing or worldbuilding. I am happy with this film. I love it.
Just stop using james gunn from making more superhero movies. He is good at making fun and interesting movies but giving him superman movie is not a good idea. He made guardians of the galaxy which has alot of comedy drama and emotions, which are good for that specific franchise, I am really afraid what he gonna do if he have to make a batman movie.
Watched the movie twice then only to make comment. The whole movie feel like a typical TikTok or Youtube Short/Facebook short videos that group together to become a movie, it's quick cut make it look more confusing and annoying than music video's cut. There is barely any good development on the character, all the character feel like lacking any soul, make you care less on the character, probably it is ok just let the superman die and I won't sympathy for him.
Great special effects. The storyline was preposterous. Christopher Reeves, Margot Kidder, and George Reeves storylines were believable. In the latest Superman, the plot used outrageous solutions to win in a conflict. I am very sorry I sat thru the whole thing. The actors did well using awful lines and scripting good vs. Evil.
This is THE BEST Superman movie made! I really don't understand the relatively low score and I don't get what some people/critics were expecting to be different! Pure fun, heart, laughs, and some of the best action/fight scenes ever in a movie. Visual effects, sound effects, music everything top notch. Just watch if you haven't yet, you're gonna have a helluva time! The Superman movie this generation deserved!
I'm going to start with the good. I was extremely disappointed that Henry Cavill was not given another solo movie to play the man of steel, but David Corenswet was great. He was extremely likable as Superman. Rachel Brosnahan was also wonderful. There are so many fantastic actors in this movie. Every single actor was on point. They all did the best job they could with the horrible storyline. The special effects were also fantastic. They were top notch. I really enjoyed Krypto. Krypto was a fun addition.
This movie doesn't honor Superman; it dismantles him. Gone is the moral compass, the quiet strength, the symbol of hope that inspired generations. In its place, Gunn gives us a confused, emotionally flat character who behaves more like a quirky parody of himself than a true Man of Steel. The story is all over the place, tonally inconsistent, packed with forced humor, and weighed down by pointless subplots that serve no purpose except to show off Gunn's "style."
Okay honestly, even going into this not thinking about man of steel or the OG Superman's. This was horrible. I don't leave reviews ever. But good lord this needs to be said. This was the worst thing I have ever seen. I've grown up on Superman. I'm a walking encyclopedia of Superman knowledge comics and film. I grew up still owning the 70's and 80's comics I've collected. This was horrible. I don't fully blame the actors. I blame the studio and writers. The acting wasn't great but not horrible. It was rushed and had no storyline. James Gunn and the writers are the kryptonite of Superman. They don't care they will cash their checks and not worry about it. Please let this never be a thing from them again. For the love of krypton please don't try again.
I didn't know what to expect - but it certainly wasn't this. This is not Guardians of the Galaxy James Gunn. This...is weird. And really, really bad. Very comic bookie...to a fault. Full on 80s DC cheese. It's hard to really nail down what damage Gunn has done here... as it's kinda....everything. The story is bad -80s comic book bad. And even aside from that, it's just terrible. None of the moments hit. None of the lines. The characters are...not good. The funny...is not. The action is...just pointless. It's just hard to care when there is nothing to care about. I'm writing this as I'm watching it because it's just hard to watch. And it really just keeps getting worse every time I look up. And to think...the whole DC Universe is going to be like this?
It's a new chapter for the series with a ton of good looking CGI. Great stunts and direction. Decent performances by the cast as a whole. An interesting part taken out of this timeless DC classic. Great background music and sound effects. The story takes a fair look at the current affairs and even critiques those in a uniquely funny way. A good distraction.
I had high hopes for Superman 2025, but unfortunately, it didn't soar as expected. The movie was plagued by boring sequences and bad pacing, making it difficult to stay engaged throughout. The plot seemed to drag unnecessarily, lacking the excitement and energy one would expect from a superhero film of this caliber.
Superman (2025) feels like a movie that works against what makes Superman great. Instead of celebrating the hero's ideals and strength, it struggles with weak storytelling and shallow characters. The plot lacks direction, and there's little emotional depth to connect with.
This film serves as a confident and refreshing reboot of the DC cinematic universe. Unlike Zack Snyder's Superman, it avoids revisiting the well trodden origin story which is a smart choice, given that most audiences are already familiar with Superman's beginnings. One of the film's standout elements is Lex Luthor's intense disdain for Superman, portrayed with a sharp and often humorous edge that adds depth to their rivalry. Overall, it's a strong entry and a promising start to James Gunn's new vision for the DC universe.
The characters are odd and amusing, yet all are somewhat eccentric, except for Superman and Lois, reminding us of shows like The Boys Guardians of the Galaxy and multiple CW superhero spin-offs (and failures).
The movie has a lot of good things and some bad things. And somehow balances itself out to "alright". First off, it felt like I was watching part three of a trilogy film. We all know the Superman story, we've seen it many times. And perhaps they didn't want to bore audiences with redoing the origin again. So instead they took a running jump into the middle of the comic books and gave us this movie. By doing that it made it difficult to connect to characters. And made everything fairly shallow. But it did give us a new story that hasn't been filmed before. And lots of new characters.
I really enjoyed this movie from the music, to the sound effects, to the pacing, to the humour. It felt like how a Superman movie should be! Everything about it captured the heart and optimism that makes Superman such a timeless hero. The score was powerful and emotional, perfectly matching each scene and giving the film that classic, inspiring energy. The action sequences were exciting without feeling overdone, and the special effects looked clean and well-integrated.
I saw Superman twice at the cinema and now once on Blu-ray. And I think that it's great and is the best adaptation of the comics that I love so much. From the Superman robots from Superman's 1950/60s Silver Age, to the Justice Gang from the DeMatteis & Giffen JLA era of the 1980s, and to the Engineer and the Authority comics of the 2000s. Just, great work adapting the rich characters of DC comics, and from its history. If the future DC movies continue this under Gunn, there are very good times ahead, indeed!
Worst Superhero movie I've ever seen, even worse than Green Lantern and I love Ryan Renolds. This movie was so far off base for superman it isn't funny. They might as well just make him a human. If your wondering, this version of superman is the vulnerable, barely "super" version. It feels like a B movie and is corny and incredibly tacky, the acting is horrible. I had a really bad feelings about it to begin with and I love James Gunn, Guardians was perfect (all 3). This movie is for all the Gen z, v (rest of the alphabet) snowflakes. I'm sure all the good reviews here are bots and paid. Any true comic book lover would be mortified without a doubt.
What a jumbled manga mess completely dishonouring the original writers of this beautiful modern myth.the only saving Grace was Krypto the dog and Corenswet's earnest attempts to fulfil his noble duty. The rest was garbled nonsense, nothing to do with Superman and his story. Mr Gunn should be ashamed of this blasphemy. Utter rubbish.
The more time passes and the more I think and talk to others about this film, the more I love it. I love how incredibly colorful, exciting and hopeful the whole topic is. After Snyder, in my opinion, destroyed the entire core of Superman, Gunn managed to revitalise the overarching message and the core of the character. The acting was phenomenal and I have to honestly say David Corenswet is the best, most authentic Superman I have ever seen on the big screen, he is my Superman. Rachel Brosnahan as Lois was also the most exciting, most sympathetic performance so far and Nicholas Hoult as Lex Luthor was outstanding. I'm biased because my favorite Lex is Michael Rosenbaum's in Smallville, but Hoult comes to a close second.
This is a feel good superhero movie that is great to see from DC. It may not be perfect, but it is a fun watch for anyone. It will make you laugh but also make you cheer. James Gunn brings his guardians of the galaxy charm to the DC universe. Still, I will admit that superman is too weak in this movie. He does feel like a weaker hero than his counterparts, which minimizes his impact on the screen. Still, great movie.
Superman is supposed to embody immense power and moral strength - but this version feels disappointingly weak and overly humanized. It's as if the creators tried to blend The Boys' cynical tone with Marvel-style humor, all while referencing the classic Superman cartoons. The result is an awkward mix that lacks the epic presence and inspiration the character deserves.
At its core, David did Superman things, which wasn't as bad as the Snyderverse fans would imply. However, Krypto was comically abused, which really pulls you out of the experience. Couple that with the terrible development for Lex, and you're left wondering what matters at all. Lex executes someone for no reason and suffers mauling as punishment? So much dumb.
Worst Superman movie ever! Made him look weak in pretty much every part of the movie. The script was super stupid. Other hero's to fight the battle for him. Couldn't even finish the battle with Luther, had to send the dog in to do it for him. Superman is still my favorite hero. But this movie sucked.
Do not watch. Spare yourself the time and energy and avoid this film. The characters, storyline, and pacing is all off. It's really bad.
This movie feels like it lacks quality. It's a poorly portrayed superhero. The worst Superman movie I've ever seen. To say that this Superman comic is accurate is a blatant lie. I have not seen any accuracy in this movie. There is a scene where Superman kicks the ball. Overall. A poor movie. 2.5/10👎
In short, the new adaptation of "Superman" writes an essential chapter in the character's saga, using the tools of modern cinema to explore timeless questions of identity and heroism. With their unique vision and an approach that reflects contemporary concerns, Gunn and his team place Superman in a new space where his struggles are as relevant as his victories, granting audiences a glimpse into both the past and future of the superhero we all know and love.
Probably the worst superman film I've seen, if this is going to be the direction of all new Superman films, I shall not be watching anymore.













